1. They give marks in VIVA by asking where you are interning.

2.http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/number-subsequences-form-ai-bj-ck/

3.working of maps

4. mention something awkward in the interview or funny.

5.Internship in a company doesn't show that you are a champ in programming. It just shows that you have a bit of experience in real world coding and projects.

Your projects in your last 3 years shows how much have you learnt yourself. What difficulties you might have faced and how you did overcome those hurdles.

6. partitioning a set into 2 subsets of equal sum

7. asymptotic notations

8. write a complete tree, LL program

9. check password of all you coding ids

10. small programs like mirror isomorphic, converting to mirror tree, symmetric etc ect

11. check if a number is palindrome, reverse the number and then compare if equal to original.

12. lexicographical comparing

13. rational, irrational no,s
14.level of root=1;
15. if you find any os term not related, tell i might know this by a different name, ask for elaboration

16. base conversions

17.http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/lexicographic-rank-of-a-string/

18. in the project, he might ask about features used. watch andrew ng

19. A more honest answer, he adds, might be, “You were the only ones who read my resume, so of course I want to work for you. I need a job.”

20For example, “I’ve been told that I bring energy to every project I tackle.” Or, “I have the ability to connect with anyone on my team, bringing a sense of cohesiveness to the workplace.”

21“A good answer would include, Here’s the mistake I made, here is where I went wrong, and here is what I learned as a result.”

22 Two things I know is cricket and programming

23 OCR and spm classifier for a friend. I just coded and tested the accuracy in spam classifier.

24 I like to learn and then implement, not all thoery that is why I didn't do full course

15 string search, lru etc

16. website design, They asked about the data structures I used and how to optimize it and what further additions i can do in it.

17. algorithm to allocate seats in project