

5.Internship in a company doesn't show that you are a champ in programming. It just shows that you have a bit of experience in real world coding and projects.

Your projects in your last 3 years shows how much have you learnt yourself. What difficulties you might have faced and how you did overcome those hurdles.

6. partitioning a set into 2 subsets of equal sum

7. asymptotic notations

8. write a complete tree, LL program

9. check password of all you coding ids



11. check if a number is palindrome, reverse the number and then compare if equal to original.

12. lexicographical comparing

13. rational, irrational no,s
14.level of root=1;
15. if you find any os term not related, tell i might know this by a different name, ask for elaboration


17.http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/lexicographic-rank-of-a-string/

18. in the project, he might ask about features used. watch andrew ng

19. A more honest answer, he adds, might be, “You were the only ones who read my resume, so of course I want to work for you. I need a job.”

20For example, “I’ve been told that I bring energy to every project I tackle.” Or, “I have the ability to connect with anyone on my team, bringing a sense of cohesiveness to the workplace.”

21“A good answer would include, Here’s the mistake I made, here is where I went wrong, and here is what I learned as a result.”

22 Two things I know is cricket and programming

23 OCR and spm classifier for a friend. I just coded and tested the accuracy in spam classifier.

24 I like to learn and then implement, not all thoery that is why I didn't do full course

15 string search, lru etc

16. website design, They asked about the data structures I used and how to optimize it and what further additions i can do in it.

17. algorithm to allocate seats in project

18. researcch paper of project

19. bfs is used for non-weighted and dijkstra for weighted

20 to convert c++ string to c string
use: strcpy(ch, ans.c_str());
  c_str() returns const pointer so have to use strcpy


21. Hardest problem you have solved
22. function memort: stack; global: heap
23: IN DBMS project seat allocated using excel sheet wala algo
24 substring search in string
25. OS Lab programs
26. Nth stair wala.
27. Remember the name of the interviewer.
28. for reversing a circular list, first make it linear then reverse and then restore it.

29. When something is related to mirror in tree, then use two pointers in call as find(root->left, root->right);

30 ios_base::sync_with_stdio(false);
cin.tie(NULL);  learn them
31. in interests column write programming instead of data structures

